What is up guys and what KMAX are now in this video Viva will be very keying up with the reviewing of
it.
I would say that if a person wants to buy from our website how his experience will be and how the admin
can view that.
OK so let's get started.
First of all what we have to do is that we need to open up the private.
OK.
You have to just come here if you are using Chrome.
You have to just click this and you have to click new Incognito window or you can just see it control
shift.
And I don't know about the Mac but you you have to just click here and the private tab will be open
and it says you have gone incognito.
If you are on Firefox then you have to open up your Firefox.
OK.
I know it would be open already.
So now here you have do we have to just click here and it's a new private window that will seek control
shift be an a private will be open and you have to work on that.
So since I use the chrome I will just move the Chrome itself.
OK.
Now here I have to enter the S-5 up complete that will be course dot com.
And this is how my website will be loading up on and on the computer.
So this is always look it is looking.
And so let's suppose that he sees this page and he like this one.
He like only deregister giving the Nike sured for just $25.
OK.
So I have just done a mistake.
You can see that this is a T-shirt and I have a shirt inside here.
So this is the biggest mistake that I've done.
OK just let's suppose I just wanted to show you how it works.
So I'm going to use that I like the blue color.
OK.
And unclogging the blue the color would be changed on my end.
This is changed.
OK.
So let's get to here and I want to say this to be the medium.
Because the medium size would fit.
But I know Excel would fit me.
So I'm just going to come here I'm going to hit add two cards you can see that T-shirt for Nike.
They should for men by Nike has been added to my card.
I'm going to hit new card right now and you can see that it is right here.
OK.
Here it is.
We have the 50 bucks right here and we have the shipping rate and the flat trade is applied to shipping
and we also have access.
This is V-8.
OK.
So if I just click here to calculate shipping you can see this is Pakistan and this is saying and we
have this approach I'm going to select enter my zip code.
OK and again see that we have the flat rate so I can just proceed to check out.
And then you can see that I have to do my deal.
So here I want to enter my first name so let's suppose that the first name of this guy is John and the
last name is dope.
So this is the universal name that people uses for testing purposes.
OK.
And then his company as a example OK his street address is exam or house number one two three example
Street
example
and I'm just using the wrong spelling exam B.
And not only the ones I'm using yes or twice x a and b.
OK.
And then I have to go down and it takes the town city so my town city is going to be this way.
Here are the categories they're supposed to go.
Is this my phone number is already added just use because the Chrome has the chrome is doing the thing.
So now I have to enter the e-mail address.
This is going to be in for example or Dargan.
Now we have created an account if you wanted to create an account you can just check this and you can
see that I have to enter the password to my password.
Be
this now we have the ship to a different address if I'm on the product to be shipped to a different
address I can check it and then I can enter his details but I don't want.
Now I have to enter the order no.
So it will be like
please add a note.
Happy birthday.
So this guy will add a note in the product packaging.
This is this T-shirt from and by Nike and that will be the happy book.
So if I want to send a gift to the person then I also have to check this that and the address to be
shipped to anywhere else.
But I've worn this and do not.
Please do not add the invoice.
Since I am just sending a gift that is why I do not want to read the invoice in the package.
But I can not do this obviously otherwise it will get stuck in the customs and something like that.
OK so then I have the direct bank transfer.
I have the check payments and I also have to pay bills so I suppose that I select the check payments.
OK you guys already know that you need to added this to please send a check to store name Store Street
store down you can edited by just going here.
OK you have to go to the dashboard itself.
I pay and I think I forgot to tell you this.
OK you have to go to the settings right here and now you have to go to the checkout OK and then you
have to go to the check payments.
And now here you have to change this so please send a short cord and if you have to also copy this and
this will appear then this will appear in my account.
Instructions will be added to the thankyou page and emails and Speedman met her description that the
customer will see on the checkout.
So make sure that you add both the same so that it also appears on the 10-Q email.
Ok I'm just going to click here and you can see everything is coming so now here I want to come here
and slug the check payments.
Now I have to place order and it will give an error OK because I have to accept the terms and conditions.
I'm going to come here and accept the terms and conditions.
I am clicking here and I can see the terms and conditions.
I can review them.
OK they have the terms seaven C-23 OK noted.
Now I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to head place autre ne can see the orderly place and I have
to send a check to that you can see Autard numbers this data is this.
My email is just the total.
Is this the payment method is checked beamin tenancies.
Please send a check.
The store name store street and this and the Order Details are also coming.
So we have the billing address and the shipping address exactly the same.
OK and then we have the email address itself and I can see that I am logged in since I have created
that thing.
OK I have to just click here.
My Account pay and say hello infl OK this is the user name that is already here.
So I'm just going to go to the orders right now and again see that in the order I have this right here.
So this is here and now I will also show you that how can you create a product and how can you sell
software on to your site.
OK and upcoming videos lectures.
So then we have this order number and if I just view it you can see the order will be basically on hold.
OK.
Because I haven't send the check to this one so I have to send a check to there.
The place where there should be.
OK.
So I have runs I will send the check.
Then the person will receive it.
So if I am the shop owner and once I receive it if I OK if I just go here.
So let's suppose that we must also be having the e-mail so that me open up my email.
I hope that my e-mail is the one I'll just come here to the setting itself.
OK.
I must have received an e-mail.
Let's just go to this right here.
Let's just go to spam and here we go.
You can see that.
I also have received an e-mail.
This is me.
OK.
And it says new customer order and everything is right here.
This is the product.
OK here would be the Eskay.
But we haven't added the.
The prizes this subtotal is this and this and this and this.
So once I received the e-mail and I just see that this is a check payment I'll go I'll go and check
out my newsletter.
I'll go and check out my P.O. Box there where I have received the check payment or not.
OK.
So once I receive the check pay I mean I'll just be like OK OK OK I've got the check the man.
And here is the commerce status as well.
I'm just going to go to Carmouche right here.
I'm going to go to Otter's.
OK.
And then here would be all the orders that has been done.
I can view the order from here.
OK I can click here and it will take me to the order and here I can view all this water.
So this is the order of payment by check payment is the IP address is this the order date the order
status is on hold and the customer is this.
And here we have the items here and everything.
OK.
So here has bought this one the variation is this OK.
And this is the blue and the Exel.
So I am going to just see that.
OK.
I have received his order.
Evading check payment order status changed from bending to on hold.
OK.
So this is on hold.
Now what I have to do and once I have received the payment OK I have to just come here and that will
change this to precessing and then I'll update it because I have received the payment and now I'm processing
so that the person can see that this order is being processed so if this person logs in again and then
he sees that OK my order is now currently processing.
They must be processing my order.
OK.
So when this guy will get everything and when I received when I ship this product to disperse and address
OK and then I will change this product to be completed because I have completed this order or I can
also mark it as completed from this section.
So if I just come here and I just had this you can see this will be marked as completed so if I just
click here this is Martinus completed and you can see right here and this is this is completed.
So if I just come here and I just come here and I just refreshed this you'll see this order will be
marked as completed and I have received this order what I can do right now I can just go to the order
and now I can review this order.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to review this
OK and I'm going to hit submit.
So here you can see that it is also done and it is also showing some related products down below as
well.
So you can see it say's it sucks.
Your review is awaiting approval.
OK.
Just get it.
You can see that I will be coming here to the comments section.
Let's just come here and let's just say it.
Oh OK.
And then here is the comment that he's from and this is spending.
OK.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to approve.
OK.
And this order this review has been approved so once he just come here and he just refreshes page.
And then you will see this is how it is coming so it says it sucks.
OK.
And since we have added that plug in that says share burdens.
OK that is why it is showing share on Facebook and up in this products and share my so you can see this
is coming right here and this review should be applied here so you can see this SAEs that I am the varified
on it.
So this is also giving the label a very.
So you can see everything is totally up and running and if I just go to my website and you can see that
I also have protégées product and everything is up and running.
And this is the review that is coming here as well.
OK.
So I can also create a news section now here in my home page and that will be best rated products and
this product will be coming on adult.
OK because this product has been assigned the rating.
So this is how it works.
OK.
This is how the product can be.
And how are the payments processed.
OK.
In the upcoming video I'll also show you that how can you create a PayPal account that will be sandbox
that will be tested on basically and how can you test payments for bail.
OK.
So in the next or in the upcoming elections we will be working on this.
So Stadion guys and Buh-Bye.